docs(bodiless-documentation): Tailwind/Custom Css guide for Site builder (#471)
johnsonandjohnson/Bodiless-JS: packages/bodiless-documentation/doc/Development/Guides/BuildingSites/Responsiveness.md

# Responsiveness

> BodilessJS is in itself is not very opinionated about the responsiveness but there

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BodilessJS in itself is not very opinionated about the responsiveness but there
```

are some components and features that do provide specific responsive behaviors.

BodilessJS primarily uses [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com) to give the

> site its reponsiveness. While not a requirement to use, its included within the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
site its reponsiveness. While not a requirement to use, it's included within the
```

Example
[Test Site](https://github.com/johnsonandjohnson/Bodiless-JS/tree/master/examples/test-site)
and
[Starter Site](https://github.com/johnsonandjohnson/Bodiless-JS/tree/master/examples/starter).

### Site Editing

> The BodilessJS site editing interface was designed to be edited in desktop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The BodilessJS site editing interface was designed for desktop
```

scenario based on the assumption that site editors were working on desktop size
screen for productivity.

> !> **Important** The BodilessJS editor and its forms are designed to work

Reviewer 2: Is `!>` a part of the markdown syntax?

on a screensize of a minimum of 1024px. This is not to say it can't be used on a
smaller device, but some editor forms may appear off the device screen causing
extra scrolling.

## Breakpoints
By default, the breakpoints are set by Tailwind and are defined by TailwindCSS

> default's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default's:
```

| Small     | Medium    | Large      | Extra Large | 
| --------- | --------- | ---------- | ----------- |
| <= 640px  | 641-768px | 769-1024px | 1280px      |

> A site builder can changes by making the modifications in the sites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A site builder can change the breakpoints by modifying the site's
```

`tailwind.config.js` by following the directions specified in
[Tailwind Breakpoints](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/breakpoints/).

> ?> **Tip** If a site developer does modify and/or add extra breakpoints, please

Reviewer 2: Same here: `?>`

review the next section to determine if there needs to be update to any
component's behavior.

> ## Components with Custom a Responsive Behavior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Components with Custom Responsive Behavior
```

> At times, there is need to define a specific responsive behavior that can't be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At times, you may need to define a specific responsive behavior that can't be
```

defined by tailwind classes by itself and should be included within the
component. BodilessJS provides a mechanism to allow the site to handle the
custom responsive behaviors.

Within the Starter site, the
[`src/components/Page/index.tsx`](https://github.com/johnsonandjohnson/Bodiless-JS/tree/master/examples/starter/src/components/Page/index.tsx)
will read in the Tailwind breakpoints via
[resolveConfig()](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/configuration/#referencing-in-javascript)
set in the Tailwind.config.js (see previous section). These breakpoints are

> exported as `breakpoints` object that contain the site's configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exported as `breakpoints` object that contains the site's configuration.
```
